#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohttp==3.9.5
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   nemoguardrails
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
annoy==1.17.3
    # via nemoguardrails
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
    #   openai
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
appnope==0.1.4
    # via ipykernel
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.15.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
blis==0.7.11
    # via thinc
catalogue==2.0.10
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   srsly
    #   thinc
certifi==2024.6.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
cloudpathlib==0.18.1
    # via weasel
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via onnxruntime
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
confection==0.1.5
    # via
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
cymem==2.0.8
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
dataclasses-json==0.6.6
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
debugpy==1.8.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via email-validator
email-validator==2.1.1
    # via fastapi
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastapi==0.111.0
    # via nemoguardrails
fastapi-cli==0.0.4
    # via fastapi
fastembed==0.3.0
    # via nemoguardrails
fastjsonschema==2.19.1
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.14.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   tldextract
flatbuffers==24.3.25
    # via onnxruntime
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.6.0
    # via huggingface-hub
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httptools==0.6.1
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nemoguardrails
    #   openai
huggingface-hub==0.23.3
    # via
    #   fastembed
    #   tokenizers
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   tldextract
    #   yarl
ipykernel==6.29.4
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.25.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipywidgets==8.1.3
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   nemoguardrails
    #   spacy
json5==0.9.25
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via
    #   jsonpatch
    #   jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.22.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.10.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.14.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.2.1
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.2
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.11
    # via ipywidgets
langchain==0.1.20
    # via nemoguardrails
langchain-community==0.0.38
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   nemoguardrails
langchain-core==0.1.52
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   nemoguardrails
langchain-openai==0.1.7
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.0.2
    # via langchain
langcodes==3.4.0
    # via spacy
langsmith==0.1.75
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
language-data==1.2.0
    # via langcodes
lark==1.1.9
    # via nemoguardrails
loguru==0.7.2
    # via fastembed
marisa-trie==1.2.0
    # via language-data
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
marshmallow==3.21.3
    # via dataclasses-json
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
mmh3==4.1.0
    # via fastembed
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
murmurhash==1.0.10
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.4
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nemoguardrails==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nemoguardrails
notebook==7.2.1
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   blis
    #   fastembed
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   onnx
    #   onnxruntime
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
onnx==1.16.1
    # via fastembed
onnxruntime==1.18.0
    # via fastembed
openai==1.33.0
    # via langchain-openai
orjson==3.10.3
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   langsmith
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   nbconvert
    #   onnxruntime
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
phonenumbers==8.13.39
    # via presidio-analyzer
pillow==10.3.0
    # via fastembed
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via jupyter-core
preshed==3.0.9
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
presidio-analyzer==2.2.354
    # via -r requirements.in
presidio-anonymizer==2.2.354
    # via -r requirements.in
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.46
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nemoguardrails
protobuf==5.27.1
    # via
    #   onnx
    #   onnxruntime
psutil==5.9.8
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pycryptodome==3.20.0
    # via presidio-anonymizer
pydantic==2.7.3
    # via
    #   confection
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   nemoguardrails
    #   openai
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
pydantic-core==2.18.4
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   rich
pystemmer==2.2.0.1
    # via fastembed
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvicorn
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
python-multipart==0.0.9
    # via fastapi
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyter-events
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   nemoguardrails
    #   presidio-analyzer
    #   uvicorn
pyzmq==26.0.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.5.2
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.4.1
    # via qtconsole
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2024.5.15
    # via
    #   presidio-analyzer
    #   tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   fastembed
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-file
    #   spacy
    #   tiktoken
    #   tldextract
    #   weasel
requests-file==2.1.0
    # via tldextract
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.7.1
    # via
    #   nemoguardrails
    #   typer
rpds-py==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
simpleeval==0.9.13
    # via nemoguardrails
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
smart-open==7.0.4
    # via weasel
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via fastembed
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
spacy==3.7.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   presidio-analyzer
spacy-legacy==3.0.12
    # via spacy
spacy-loggers==1.0.5
    # via spacy
sqlalchemy==2.0.30
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
srsly==2.4.8
    # via
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.37.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   nemoguardrails
sympy==1.12.1
    # via onnxruntime
tenacity==8.3.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
thinc==8.2.5
    # via spacy
tiktoken==0.7.0
    # via langchain-openai
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via nbconvert
tldextract==5.1.2
    # via presidio-analyzer
tokenizers==0.19.1
    # via fastembed
tornado==6.4.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via
    #   fastembed
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   spacy
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
typer==0.12.3
    # via
    #   fastapi-cli
    #   nemoguardrails
    #   spacy
    #   weasel
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240316
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
ujson==5.10.0
    # via fastapi
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.30.1
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   nemoguardrails
uvloop==0.19.0
    # via uvicorn
wasabi==1.1.3
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
watchdog==4.0.1
    # via nemoguardrails
watchfiles==0.22.0
    # via uvicorn
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
weasel==0.4.1
    # via spacy
webcolors==24.6.0
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
websockets==12.0
    # via uvicorn
widgetsnbextension==4.0.11
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via smart-open
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
